Why did grandpa apologize to me?
Is it challenging my work attitude?
Hey, hey, if anywhere is what I should do.
I just don't know if the person in charge of arrangements is still satisfied today.
Ask me if I'm satisfied
Isn't the object of his service the protection of heaven and earth?
Could it be arranged today?
It's him who sold my face.
Especially coordinated with a play by Uncle Lam.
I couldn't hear anything clearly.
This is the black card of my rich family.
The amount is over 100 million
Hope Rett doesn't give up.
The vice president is also too polite.
What the young lady said was indeed correct.
She also likes acting.
Look at my marriage.
I said Uncle Lam was the delivery person.
How dare you impersonate me?
It turns out that breaking the pot and selling iron would help me.
Let him help put on a play.
He is still so familiar with him in my daily life.
I'll call and tell my dad.
Tell my dad to fire him.
Wrong about you.
Sorry.
I don't blame you.
I thought...
There will be people who like to hide my identity.
But not now.
I still go back to restoring my identity.
Accept your age well.
That's not the idea either, I'll bring it to you.
Okay, so you go.